Eurorack_Guide.md, before:

# Eurorack Guidelines

AWG follows the [Doepfer standard](http://www.doepfer.de/a100_man/a100m_e.htm).

## Dimensions

### Panel Height

  * 128.5 mm

> Module front panels are 3U high (133.4 mm). The final height of the front panels is a bit less than 133.4 mm as the rim of the mounting rails has to taken into consideration. Consequently the final height is 128.5mm.

### PCB Available Height

  * 106.5 mm

> PCB height is panel height minus 11 mm for each rail (top and bottom)

### Panel Width

  * Floor( HP * 5.08 mm )

> Width is measured in HP. (1 HP = 5.08 mm) The actual width of a front panel is a few tenth of a mm less than the calculated value

| HP   | Calculated Width (mm) | actual width (mm) |
|-----:|----------------------:|------------------:|
| 1    | 5.08                  | 5.00              |
| 2    | 10.16                 | 9.80              |
| 4    | 20.32                 | 20.00             |
| 6    | 30.48                 | 30.00             |
| 8    | 40.64                 | 40.30             |
| 10   | 50.80                 | 50.50             |
| 12   | 60.96                 | 60.60             |
| 14   | 71.12                 | 70.80             |
| 16   | 81.28                 | 80.90             |
| 18   | 91.44                 | 91.30             |
| 20   | 101.60                | 101.30            |
| 21   | 106.68                | 106.30            |
| 22   | 111.76                | 111.40            |
| 28   | 142.24                | 141.90            |
| 42   | 213.36                | 213.00            |

### Mounting holes

  * Diameter 3.2mm

| Locations | X inset (mm).  | Y inset (mm) |
|:----------|---------------:|-------------:|
| First Row | 7.5            | 3.0          |
| Next Rows | N * 5.08 + 7.5 | 3.0          |

Commit message:

Add Gie-tec rails info

Eurorack_Guide.md, after:

# Eurorack Guidelines

AWG follows the [Doepfer standard](http://www.doepfer.de/a100_man/a100m_e.htm).

## Dimensions

### Panel Height

  * 128.5 mm

> Module front panels are 3U high (133.4 mm). The final height of the front panels is a bit less than 133.4 mm as the rim of the mounting rails has to taken into consideration. Consequently the final height is 128.5mm.

### PCB Available Height

  * 106.5 mm

> PCB height is panel height minus 11 mm for each rail (top and bottom)

### Panel Width

  * Floor( HP * 5.08 mm )

> Width is measured in HP. (1 HP = 5.08 mm) The actual width of a front panel is a few tenth of a mm less than the calculated value

| HP   | Calculated Width (mm) | actual width (mm) |
|-----:|----------------------:|------------------:|
| 1    | 5.08                  | 5.00              |
| 2    | 10.16                 | 9.80              |
| 4    | 20.32                 | 20.00             |
| 6    | 30.48                 | 30.00             |
| 8    | 40.64                 | 40.30             |
| 10   | 50.80                 | 50.50             |
| 12   | 60.96                 | 60.60             |
| 14   | 71.12                 | 70.80             |
| 16   | 81.28                 | 80.90             |
| 18   | 91.44                 | 91.30             |
| 20   | 101.60                | 101.30            |
| 21   | 106.68                | 106.30            |
| 22   | 111.76                | 111.40            |
| 28   | 142.24                | 141.90            |
| 42   | 213.36                | 213.00            |

### Panel Mounting holes

  * Diameter 3.2mm

| Locations | X inset (mm).  | Y inset (mm) |
|:----------|---------------:|-------------:|
| First Row | 7.5            | 3.0          |
| Next Rows | N * 5.08 + 7.5 | 3.0          |

### Gie-tec Rails

The rails take M3 square nuts or threaded rails.
Assuming a modular face plate thickness of 2mm:

  - M3 x 6mm 
  - M3 x 8mm (if washer is used)

#### End fixing

  - M5 machine screw

Center Position hole from outside:

  - X: 13.8mm  
  - Y: 5mm

This makes the distance 123.4: 

    3U (133.4 mm) - 10mm
